bug(lak): address available water issue for evaporation (#1173)
MODFLOW-USGS/modflow6: doc/ReleaseNotes/v6.5.0.tex

		\item Add LENGTH\_CONVERSION and TIME\_CONVERSION variables to replace the UNIT\_CONVERSION variable in the SFR Package input file. The LENGTH\_CONVERSION and TIME\_CONVERSION variables are used to convert user-specified Manning's roughness coefficients from SI units (sec/m$^{1/3}$) to model length and time units. LENGTH\_CONVERSION does not need to be specified if LENGTH\_UNITS are meters. TIME\_CONVERSION does not need to be specified if TIME\_UNITS are seconds. Warning messages will be issued if UNIT\_CONVERSION variable is specified. The model will terminate with an error if UNIT\_CONVERSION and LENGTH\_CONVERSION and TIME\_CONVERSION variables are specified. The UNIT\_CONVERSION variable in the SFR Package input file will eventually be deprecated. 

> 		\item Add MAXIMUM\_ITERATIONS and MAXIMUM\_STAGE\_CHANGE variables in the LAK Package input file. The MAXIMUM\_ITERATIONS variable is used to change the maximum number of iteration and would only need to be increased from the default value if one or more lake in a simulation has a large water budget error.  The MAXIMUM\_STAGE\_CHANGE variable defines the stage closure tolerance for each lake. The MAXIMUM\_STAGE\_CHANGE would only need to be increased or decreased from the default value if the water budget error for one or more lake is too small or too large, respectively. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item Add MAXIMUM\_ITERATIONS and MAXIMUM\_STAGE\_CHANGE variables in the LAK Package input file. The MAXIMUM\_ITERATIONS variable is used to change the maximum number of iterations and would only need to be increased from the default value if one or more lakes in a simulation has a large water budget error.  The MAXIMUM\_STAGE\_CHANGE variable defines the stage closure tolerance for each lake. The MAXIMUM\_STAGE\_CHANGE would only need to be increased or decreased from the default value if the water budget error for one or more lakes is too small or too large, respectively. 
```

	\underline{ADVANCED STRESS PACKAGES}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item Added additional convergence checks to the Streamflow Routing (SFR), Lake (LAK) and Unsaturated Zone Flow (UZF) Packages to ensure that flows from the Water Mover (MVR) Package meet solver tolerance.  Mover flows are converted into depths using the time step length and area, and the depths are compared to the Iterative Model Solution (IMS) DVCLOSE input parameter.  If a depth is greater than DVCLOSE, then the iteration is marked as not converged.  The maximum depth change between iterations and the advanced package feature number is written for each outer iteration to a comma-separated value file, provided the PACKAGE\_CONVERGENCE option is specified in the options block.

> 		\item Added an additional convergence check to the Lake (LAK) Package to ensure that the lake residual meets solver tolerance. In previous versions, it was possible for a time step to terminate even if there was a relatively large lake residual. The lake residual is converted to a depth using the time step length and area, and the depth is compared to the Iterative Model Solution (IMS) DVCLOSE input parameter. If the residual depth is greater than DVCLOSE, then the iteration is marked as not converged. The maximum residual depth and the advanced package feature number is written for each outer iteration to a comma-separated value file, provided the PACKAGE\_CONVERGENCE option is specified in the options block. This fix may increase the number of iterations required before convergence is achieved in existing models that use the LAK Package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		\item Added an additional convergence check to the Lake (LAK) Package to ensure that the lake residual meets solver tolerance. In previous versions, it was possible for a time step to converge even if there was a relatively large lake residual. The lake residual is converted to a depth using the time step length and lake surface area.  This depth is compared to the Iterative Model Solution (IMS) DVCLOSE input parameter. If the residual depth is greater than DVCLOSE, then the iteration is marked as not converged. The maximum residual depth and the advanced package feature number (lake number) is written for each outer iteration to a comma-separated value file, provided the PACKAGE\_CONVERGENCE option is specified in the options block. This fix may increase the number of iterations required to reach convergence for existing models that use the LAK Package.
```
